Flash-Courage (to be delete)
—

The following:
No hesitation,
Absolute courage,
Instanaeous decision.

-

When you hold a gun, and some else holds one,
You dont think, you react.

Its the component of complete reaction that sets those whose blood is ice, and who has the mental edge, the dominance.

—

Why is such a concept important?
Because it is what is necessary in situations dealing with factors that collapse/invoke a instant death, or a fatal decision.

—


Hesistation,
Mulling over,
Each second is a possibility that they can act before you do.

You cannot afford that time.


—mentally
Now, there are so many people who boast about having that small time for a act of courage.

But make no mistake,
The person on a plain far above,
Who is truly someone who has a mind, whose mental edge and discernment is that of a razor blade, and focus of a laser,

Is someone who had had the forethought to quickly know what to decide.
And so its simple for them,

Not just simple,

Subconscious.

They already know the anser, already practiced,

The action, that whole opportunity,
Is just a side-note to the bigger picutre.

—

Those are the people who,
When seeing someone fall into the water, old and infirmed, or perhaps a baby,
Don’t think,

The simply jump, and pull it to shore.

—

Those who, under stressful situations need to do something, simply do it.
It becomes nothing for them, just as if it was opening a door, without hesitation.

Those are the people you want on your team,
The mental edge, ability, keenness to know when to act, and dont have to make this huge ordeal about

‘Oh how i got over bullying’
‘Oh my job’
‘Oh how i have..

This and this and this..
And this and this...’


Because while those who display themselves as relativily shallow creatures who think that doomg what is ought to have done is somehow indicative of the ‘high’ quality you are,

These guys havent even blinked about it,
They are already moving, focusing on the bigger picture,

Perhaps noting their progress, but their focus lies ahead,
And they simply decide.

—

The worth of people who can do that cannot be understated.

The people who, as instantaneously as they recognize a situation, act without thinking,
With keenness, precision, and effectiveness.

Those who run and take the bullet instead of someone else,
Who simply glances at a street, sees a car, and a pedestrian,
Just run and do it.

They dont need to try and figure out
“Oh what about myself?”
Taking the long way to realize you should help that person.

Their ability to do that mental calculations and decide is just so far above.

—

Its the same people who, and while i do not condone violence, for the sake of theoretic,

Those who shoot first.

They know someone is approaching the door, armed,
A intruder,

They dont wait for the door to open,
Dont wonder ‘what do i do?’

That sentence where people ask that question,
These people have already armed themself, and perhaps if smart, would wait until they start to move door,

Slam it open, apprehend attacker.

Why?
Because those in their household are at stake.

—

Another theoretic.

You know a person is about to murder everyone in a room,
A bomb, trap, etc..

You find a gun,
You lift it,


Your hesitation could be all that person needs to make that effort worthless.

You should already know the odds,
Already know.

These people have no issue instantly implementing a decision.

Their focus is so constant, their resolve so deliberate, they already know.

They pick up, and fire, three times.

They dont hesitate,
You shoot first.

Not time to go around thinking about yourself,

Keep the level-headed cold edge, because in the moment how you react,
Every single instantaneous moment,

Is the true quality of a persons ability to decide,
And is a platinum sign of courage and mental dominance.

